WIP-Reconciler custom metrics autoscaling config (#1446)
kyma-project/control-plane: resources/kcp/charts/keda/README.md

<p align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kedacore/keda/main/images/keda-logo-transparent.png" width="300"/></p>
<p style="font-size: 25px" align="center"><b>Kubernetes-based Event Driven Autoscaling</b></p>

> KEDA allows for fine grained autoscaling (including to/from zero) for event driven Kubernetes workloads.  KEDA serves as a Kubernetes Metrics Server and allows users to define autoscaling rules using a dedicated Kubernetes custom resource definition.

Author: Hi Nina, thank you very much for reviewing the README file!
As we discussed in slack. This is not subject to our style guide nor to our TW review process, as it is an external dependency's README file.

> KEDA can run on both the cloud and the edge, integrates natively with Kubernetes components such as the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler, and has no external dependencies.

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

---
<p align="center">
We are a Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) incubation project.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kedacore/keda/main/images/logo-cncf.svg" height="75px">
</p>

---

## TL;DR

```console
helm repo add kedacore https://kedacore.github.io/charts
helm repo update

kubectl create namespace keda
helm install keda kedacore/keda --namespace keda
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps KEDA infrastructure on a Kubernetes cluster using the Helm package manager.

> As part of that, it will install all the required Custom Resource Definitions (CRD).

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

## Installing the Chart

> To install the chart with the release name `keda`:

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

```console
$ kubectl create namespace keda
$ helm install keda kedacore/keda --namespace keda
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

> To uninstall/delete the `keda` Helm chart:

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

```console
helm uninstall keda
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

> The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Promitor chart and

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> their default values.

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

| Parameter                                                  | Description                               | Default                                         |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------|
| `image.keda.repository`                                    | Image name of KEDA operator               | `ghcr.io/kedacore/keda`                |

> | `image.keda.tag`                                           | Image tag of KEDA operator. Optional, given app version of Helm chart is used by default | `` |

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

| `image.metricsApiServer.repository`                        | Image name of KEDA Metrics API Server        | `ghcr.io/kedacore/keda-metrics-apiserver` |

> | `image.metricsApiServer.tag`                               | Image tag of KEDA Metrics API Server. Optional, given app version of Helm chart is used by default | `` |

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `crds.install`                               | Defines whether the KEDA CRDs have to be installed or not. | `true`                 |

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `watchNamespace`                                           | Defines Kubernetes namespaces to watch to scale their workloads. Default watches all namespaces | `` |

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

| `operator.name`                                            | Name of the KEDA operator | `keda-operator` |

> | `operator.replicaCount`                                      | Capability to configure the number of replicas for KEDA operator.<br /><br />While you can run more replicas of our operator, only one operator instance will be the leader and serving traffic.<br /><br />You can run multiple replicas, but they will not improve the performance of KEDA, it could only reduce downtime during a failover.| `1` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `operator.replicaCount`                                      | Configures the number of replicas for KEDA operator.<br /><br />While you can run more replicas of our operator, only one operator instance will be the leader and serving traffic.<br /><br />You can run multiple replicas to reduce downtime during a failover; they will not improve the performance of KEDA.| `1` |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `metricsServer.dnsPolicy`                                  | Defined the DNS policy for the metric server | `ClusterFirst`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `metricsServer.dnsPolicy`                                  | Defines the DNS policy for the metric server | `ClusterFirst`

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `metricsServer.useHostNetwork`                             | Enable metric server to use host network  | `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `metricsServer.useHostNetwork`                             | Enables the metric server to use host network  | `false`

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `imagePullSecrets`                                         | Name of secret to use to pull images to use to pull Docker images | `[]` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `imagePullSecrets`                                         | Name of secret that pulls Docker images | `[]` |

```

Just guessing. This sentence was confusing.

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

| `additionalLabels`                                         | Additional labels to apply to KEDA workloads | `{}` |
| `podAnnotations.keda`                                      | Pod annotations for KEDA operator | `{}` |
| `podAnnotations.metricsAdapter`                            | Pod annotations for KEDA Metrics Adapter | `{}` |
| `podLabels.keda`                                           | Pod labels for KEDA operator | `{}` |
| `podLabels.metricsAdapter`                                 | Pod labels for KEDA Metrics Adapter | `{}` |

> | `podDisruptionBudget`                                      | Capability to configure [Pod Disruption Budget](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb/)       | `{}` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `podDisruptionBudget`                                      | Configures [Pod Disruption Budget](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb/)       | `{}` |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

| `rbac.create`                                              | Specifies whether RBAC should be used | `true`                                        |
| `serviceAccount.create`                                    | Specifies whether a service account should be created       | `true`                                        |

> | `serviceAccount.name`                                      | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated.      | `keda-operator` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `serviceAccount.name`                                      | Specifies the name of the service account. If unspecified, and `create` is `true`, a name is generated.      | `keda-operator` |

```

What is `create` ? The para in line 77?

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

| `serviceAccount.annotations`                               | Annotations to add to the service account | `{}` |

> | `podIdentity.activeDirectory.identity`                     | Identity in Azure Active Directory to use for Azure pod identity | `` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `podIdentity.activeDirectory.identity`                     | Identity in Azure Active Directory to use for Azure Pod identity | `` |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `grpcTLSCertsSecret`                                       | Name of the secret that will be mounted to the /grpccerts path on the Pod to communicate over TLS with external scaler(s) (recommended).  | ``|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `grpcTLSCertsSecret`                                       | Name of the Secret that will be mounted to the /grpccerts path on the Pod to communicate over TLS with external scaler(s) (recommended).  | ``|

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `hashiCorpVaultTLS`                                        | Name of the secret that will be mounted to the /vault path on the Pod to communicate over TLS with HashiCorp Vault (recommended). | `` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hashiCorpVaultTLS`                                        | Name of the Secret will be mounted to the /vault path on the Pod to communicate over TLS with HashiCorp Vault (recommended). | `` |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `logging.operator.level`                                   | Logging level for KEDA Operator. Allowed values are 'debug', 'info' & 'error'. | `info`                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `logging.operator.level`                                   | Logging level for KEDA operator. Allowed values are 'debug', 'info', and 'error'. | `info`                                        |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `logging.operator.format`                                  | Logging format for KEDA Operator. Allowed values are 'console' & 'json'. | `console`                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `logging.operator.format`                                  | Logging format for KEDA operator. Allowed values are 'console' and 'json'. | `console`                                        |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `logging.operator.timeFormat`                              | Logging time format for KEDA Operator. Allowed values are 'epoch', 'millis', 'nano', or 'iso8601'. | `epoch` |

Reviewer: Why here "or", but "&" above? Can we replace the "or" with "and" here?

```suggestion
| `logging.operator.timeFormat`                              | Logging time format for KEDA operator. Allowed values are 'epoch', 'millis', 'nano', and 'iso8601'. | `epoch` |
```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `logging.metricServer.level`                               | Logging level for Metrics Server.Policy to use to pull Docker images. Allowed values are '0' for info, '4' for debug, or an integer value greater than 0, specified as string | `0` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `logging.metricServer.level`                               | Logging level for Metrics Server policy to pull Docker images. Allowed values are '0' for info, '4' for debug, or an integer value greater than 0, specified as string | `0` |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

| `securityContext`                                          | Security context for all containers ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/#set-the-security-context-for-a-container)) | `{}` |
| `securityContext.operator`                                 | Security context of the operator container ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/#set-the-security-context-for-a-container)) | `` |

> | `securityContext.metricServer`                             | Security context of the metricServer container ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/#set-the-security-context-for-a-container)) | `` |

Reviewer: I'm assuming this is the same Metrics Server mentioned earlier? I might be wrong though.

```suggestion
| `securityContext.metricServer`                             | Security context of the Metrics Server container ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/#set-the-security-context-for-a-container)) | `` |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `podSecurityContext`                                       | Pod security context for all pods ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/)) | `{}` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `podSecurityContext`                                       | Pod security context for all Pods ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/)) | `{}` |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `podSecurityContext.operator`                              | Pod security context of the KEDA operator pod ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/)) | `` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `podSecurityContext.operator`                              | Pod security context of the KEDA operator Pod ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/)) | `` |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `podSecurityContext.metricServer`                          | Pod security context of the KEDA metrics apiserver pod ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/)) | `` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `podSecurityContext.metricServer`                          | Pod security context of the KEDA metrics API server Pod ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/)) | `` |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `resources`                                                | Manage resource request & limits of all KEDA workloads ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/)) | `{}` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resources`                                                | Manages resource request and limits of all KEDA workloads ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/)) | `{}` |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `resources.operator`                                       | Manage resource request & limits of KEDA operator pod ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/)) | `` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resources.operator`                                       | Manages resource request and limits of the KEDA operator Pod ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/)) | `` |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `resources.metricServer`                                   | Manage resource request & limits of KEDA metrics apiserver pod ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/)) | `` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resources.metricServer`                                   | Manages resource request and limits of the KEDA metrics API server Pod ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/)) | `` |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `nodeSelector`                                             | Node selector for pod scheduling ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/)) | `{}` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `nodeSelector`                                             | Node selector for Pod scheduling ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/)) | `{}` |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `tolerations`                                              | Tolerations for pod scheduling ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/)) | `{}` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tolerations`                                              | Tolerations for Pod scheduling ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/)) | `{}` |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `affinity`                                                 | Affinity for pod scheduling ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/)) | `{}` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `affinity`                                                 | Affinity for Pod scheduling ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/)) | `{}` |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

| `priorityClassName`                                        | Pod priority for KEDA Operator and Metrics Adapter ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/pod-priority-preemption/)) | `` |

> | `env`                                                      | Additional environment variables that will be passed onto KEDA operator and metrics api service | `` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `env`                                                      | Additional environment variables that are passed on to the KEDA operator and metrics API service | `` |

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `http.timeout` | The default HTTP timeout to use for all scalers that use raw HTTP clients (some scalers use SDKs to access target services. These have built-in HTTP clients, and the timeout does not necessarily apply to them) | `` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `http.timeout` | The default HTTP timeout for all scalers that use raw HTTP clients. Does not apply to scalers that use SDKs, which have built-in HTTP clients. | `` |

```
Do we need the "necessarily" ?

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

| `service.annotations`                                      | Annotations to add the KEDA Metric Server service | `{}`                                        |
| `service.portHttp`                                         | Service HTTP port for KEDA Metric Server service | `80`                                        |
| `service.portHttpTarget`                                   | Service HTTP port for KEDA Metric Server container | `8080`                                        |
| `service.portHttps`                                        | HTTPS port for KEDA Metric Server service | `443`                                        |
| `service.portHttpsTarget`                                  | HTTPS port for KEDA Metric Server container | `6443`                                        |

> | `prometheus.metricServer.enabled`                          | Enable metric server prometheus metrics expose | `false`

Reviewer: I'm still not sure why sometimes "Metrics Server" is capitalized and sometimes, like here, it's lower case. Please explain and/or make it consistent.

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.metricServer.enabled`                          | Enable metric server prometheus metrics expose | `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.metricServer.enabled`                          | Enables metric server Prometheus metrics exposure | `false`

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.metricServer.port`                             | HTTP port used for exposing metrics server prometheus metrics | `9022`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.metricServer.port`                             | HTTP port to expose metrics server Prometheus metrics | `9022`

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

| `prometheus.metricServer.portName`                         | HTTP port name for exposing metrics server prometheus metrics | `metrics`

> | `prometheus.metricServer.path`                             | Path used for exposing metric server prometheus metrics | `/metrics`

Reviewer: Is "metric server" something else than "metrics server" and "Metrics Server"?
If not, please use consistent spelling and capitalization in all affected lines.

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.metricServer.path`                             | Path used for exposing metric server prometheus metrics | `/metrics`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.metricServer.path`                             | Path to expose metric server Prometheus metrics | `/metrics`

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.metricServer.podMonitor.enabled`               | Enable monitoring for metric server using podMonitor crd (prometheus operator) | `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.metricServer.podMonitor.enabled`               | Enables monitoring for metric server using Pod Monitor CRD (Prometheus operator) | `false`

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.metricServer.podMonitor.interval`              | Scraping interval for metric server using podMonitor crd (prometheus operator) | ``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.metricServer.podMonitor.interval`              | Scraping interval for metric server using Pod Monitor CRD (Prometheus operator) | ``

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.metricServer.podMonitor.scrapeTimeout`         | Scraping timeout for metric server using podMonitor crd (prometheus operator) | ``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.metricServer.podMonitor.scrapeTimeout`         | Scraping timeout for metric server using Pod Monitor CRD (Prometheus operator) | ``

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.metricServer.podMonitor.namespace`             | Scraping namespace for metric server using podMonitor crd (prometheus operator) | ``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.metricServer.podMonitor.namespace`             | Scraping namespace for metric server using Pod Monitor CRD (Prometheus operator) | ``

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.metricServer.podMonitor.additionalLabels`      | Additional labels to add for metric server using podMonitor crd (prometheus operator) | `{}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.metricServer.podMonitor.additionalLabels`      | Additional labels to add for metric server using Pod Monitor CRD (Prometheus operator) | `{}`

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.operator.enabled`                              | Enable keda operator prometheus metrics expose | `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.operator.enabled`                              | Enables KEDA operator prometheus metrics exposure | `false`

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.operator.port`                                 | HTTP port used for exposing keda operator prometheus metrics | `9022`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.operator.port`                                 | HTTP port to expose KEDA operator Prometheus metrics | `9022`

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.operator.path`                                 | Path used for exposing keda operator prometheus metrics | `/metrics`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.operator.path`                                 | Path to expose KEDA operator Prometheus metrics | `/metrics`

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.operator.podMonitor.enabled`                   | Enable monitoring for keda operator using podMonitor crd (prometheus operator) | `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.operator.podMonitor.enabled`                   | Enables monitoring for KEDA operator using the Pod Monitor CRD (Prometheus operator) | `false`

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.operator.podMonitor.interval`                  | Scraping interval for keda operator using podMonitor crd (prometheus operator) | ``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.operator.podMonitor.interval`                  | Scraping interval for KEDA operator using Pod Monitor CRD (Prometheus operator) | ``

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.operator.podMonitor.scrapeTimeout`             | Scraping timeout for keda operator using podMonitor crd (prometheus operator) | ``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.operator.podMonitor.scrapeTimeout`             | Scraping timeout for KEDA operator using Pod Monitor CRD (Prometheus operator) | ``

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.operator.podMonitor.namespace`                 | Scraping namespace for keda operator using podMonitor crd (prometheus operator) | ``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.operator.podMonitor.namespace`                 | Scraping namespace for KEDA operator using Pod Monitor CRD (Prometheus operator) | ``

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.operator.podMonitor.additionalLabels`          | Additional labels to add for keda operator using podMonitor crd (prometheus operator) | `{}`

Reviewer: Either "Additional" or "to add", no need for both

```suggestion
| `prometheus.operator.podMonitor.additionalLabels`          | Additional labels for KEDA operator using Pod Monitor CRD (Prometheus operator) | `{}`

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.operator.prometheusRules.enabled`              | Enable monitoring for keda operator using prometheusRules crd (prometheus operator) | `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.operator.prometheusRules.enabled`              | Enables monitoring for KEDA operator using Prometheus Rules CRD (Prometheus operator) | `false`

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.operator.prometheusRules.namespace`            | Scraping namespace for keda operator using prometheusRules crd (prometheus operator) | ``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.operator.prometheusRules.namespace`            | Scraping Namespace for KEDA operator using Prometheus Rules CRD (Prometheus operator) | ``

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.operator.prometheusRules.additionalLabels`     | Additional labels to add for keda operator using prometheusRules crd (prometheus operator) | `{}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.operator.prometheusRules.additionalLabels`     | Additional labels for KEDA operator using Prometheus Rules CRD (Prometheus operator) | `{}`

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `prometheus.operator.prometheusRules.alerts`               | Additional alerts to add for keda operator using prometheusRules crd (prometheus operator) | `[]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheus.operator.prometheusRules.alerts`               | Additional alerts for KEDA operator using Prometheus Rules CRD (Prometheus operator) | `[]`

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `volumes.keda.extraVolumes`                                | Extra volumes for keda deployment | `[]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `volumes.keda.extraVolumes`                                | Extra volumes for KEDA deployment | `[]`

```

Does "extra" mean "additional"?

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> | `volumes.keda.extraVolumeMounts`                           | Extra volume mounts for keda deployment | `[]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `volumes.keda.extraVolumeMounts`                           | Extra volume mounts for KEDA deployment | `[]`

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

| `volumes.metricsApiServer.extraVolumes`                    | Extra volumes for metric server deployment | `[]`
| `volumes.metricsApiServer.extraVolumeMounts`               | Extra volume mounts for metric server deployment | `[]`

> Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> `helm install`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, run:

```

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

```console
$ helm install keda kedacore/keda --namespace keda \
               --set image.keda.tag=<different tag from app version>
               --set image.metricsApiServer.tag=<different tag from app version>
```

> Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.

> be provided while installing the chart. For example,

Author: See first comment. This was resolved after our Slack discussion.
